Xeodou Li
=========

* * * * *

Software Engineer, focus on solving complex problems and new
technologies, love open source, currently work and live in Shanghai,
China.

-   Blog: xeodou.me
-   Date of Birth: 10-10-1991
-   Github: @xeodou
-   Twitter: @xeodou
-   Medium: @xeodou

My skills

-   Back-end development (Node.js, Golang, Ruby)
-   MVC frameworks (Loopback, Express, Meteor.JS, Koa, React.JS,
    Angular.JS, Deku)
-   Cross platform development (Golang, Electron.JS, NW.JS,
    React-native, Ionic)
-   Mobile development (Java, Objective-C)
-   Front-end (SCSS, CSS)
-   Tools (Git, Browserify, Makefile, gulp, grunt, NPM, webpack,
    Babel.JS)
-   Others (XMPP, Dockers, GraphQL)
-   Very limited experience with Python …

My working experiences

07/2017 - present Software Engineer at Udacity

-   Manage the China engineer team with 6 engineers, solid the hiring,
    interview and onboarding process for the international engineers,
    help the INTL engineer team growth from the 3 to 25.
-   Collobrate with PMs & stakeholders help the China team with 50%
    growth every year.
-   Priortize the products for the China engineer team and create the
    productive sprint process.
-   One of the initial contributor for the website refactoring by using
    the AngularJS, and it servers for millions students for 6 regions
    with 8 languages.
-   Create the micro services architecture for China region using the
    AWS ECS, docker and lambda to support the agile software
    development, with more than 12 services and 30 lambdas running on
    the cloud today and serveral deployments per day.
-   Initial the projects helps to solve the specific problems for China
    regions, for example create a extendable OAuth2.0 service to support
    Wechat and other non-standard OAuth2.0 providers in China.
-   Leading the changes for the global webiste homepages from AngularJS
    server-rendering to vanilla JavaScript, and it improves the 50%
    website load performance.
-   Exploring the edge worker technology to improve the user expirences
    and extend it global wide in the company.
-   Code reviews cross region teams.

06/2016 - 07/2017 Full-Stack Developer at Udacity

-   Make contributions to the largest ReactJS applications in the
    company, rewrite the key services to support the new content model.
-   Create tool to help the global localization team localize the
    content in a very effective way using the Electron.JS and React.JS,
    used by every international regions in company.
-   Create a light and easy used CSS framework internally to speed up
    the font-end pages development.
-   Adding new features for the payment service to support the China
    team growth, for example adding new price model support.
-   Code reviews cross region teams.

03/2013 - 06/2016 Full-Stack Developer at Wiredcraft

-   Design the architecture for a secure and scalable SSO(single
    sign-on) gateway with Node.JS to support millions of users in China
    for one of our key customer.
-   Design and implement the secure and cross-platform destop
    application with Golang and SQLCipher for Myanmar voter registration
    system.
-   Build the Open Source project for data visualization project csviz
    by exploring the React.JS and Express.
-   Adding the new features to the backend API for internal kanban
    project Sweepboard with realtime data steam support.
-   Adding new features to a bot intergration service Chato.ps on top of
    hubot.
-   Write the message parser service between the XMPP message service
    and clients to a Slack alternative application.
-   Working with another engineer for an Uber alternative application
    for a customer by using hybrid technology framework Ionic.JS.
-   Code reviews.

07/2012 - 02/2013 Mobile developer for a startup

-   Develope an e-shop Android application to package their Taobao shop
    into a mobile applications.
-   Writing the scripts to maintain the distribute process for both iOS
    and Android apps.
-   Code reviews.

02/2012 - 05/2012 iOS developer Intern at Wacai

-   Integrate Weibo oauth2 login feature for their main mobile app.
-   Fix some small bugs for the mobile applications.

My open source contributions

-   Co-organiser of 2017 JSConf China - JSConf China 2017
-   Co-organiser of 2016 JSConf China - NingJS
-   Co-organiser of 2015 JSConf China - ShenJS
-   Used to be a member of Node.js Foundation
-   Lots contributions for open source project on github.com.

Some open source projects

-   Mill Blog - A ligtest and themable blog egine based on github, built
    with React.JS, webpack, babel.JS.
-   Yanzhi - Photo sharing socialize mobile web app, built with
    React.JS, Less and Koa.
-   React-Crouton - Useful message component for React.JS.
-   go-sqlcipher - SQLCipher Golang SQLCipher driver for encrypted
    SQLite database.
-   aesf - RFC2898 key derivation AES encryption with sha1HMAC
    verification data encrypt/decrypt tool in Golang.
-   gulp-atom - Electron.JS distribute plugin for gulp.
-   More on github.com

* * * * *

Download pdf | txt | Markdown
